[Reporting] Kibana Application Privileges for Reporting (#94966)
elastic/kibana: docs/settings/reporting-settings.asciidoc

  every {kib} instance that has a unique <<kibana-index, `kibana.index`>> 
  setting. Defaults to `.reporting`.

> | `xpack.reporting.roles.enabled`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| [[xpack-reporting-roles-enabled]] `xpack.reporting.roles.enabled`
```

>   | deprecated:[7.13.0,This setting must be set to `false` in 8.0] Specifies whether to grant users

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  | deprecated:[7.13.0,This setting must be set to `false` in 8.0] When `true`, grants users
```

>   access to reporting features by assigning them a special role, specified by `xpack.reporting.roles.allow`. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  access to the {report-features} by assigning reporting roles, specified by `xpack.reporting.roles.allow`. 
```

>   Granting access to users this way is deprecated: please set this to `false` and use

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Granting access to users this way is deprecated. Set to `false` and use
```

  {kibana-ref}/kibana-privileges.html[{kib} privileges] instead.
  Defaults to `true`. +

| `xpack.reporting.roles.allow`

>   | deprecated:[7.13.0,This setting will be removed in 8.0] Specifies the roles

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  | deprecated:[7.13.0,This setting will be removed in 8.0] Specifies the roles,
```

>   in addition to superusers that can generate reports, using the Elasticsearch

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  in addition to superusers, that can generate reports, using the {ref}/security-api.html#security-role-apis[{es} role management APIs].
```

>   role management API. Requires `xpack.reporting.roles.enabled` to be `true`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Requires `xpack.reporting.roles.enabled` to be `true`.
```

>   Granting access to users this way is deprecated: please use

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Granting access to users this way is deprecated. Use
```
